hi mr movie recap here
today i will explain you an action
adventure sci-fi film from 2013 titled
oblivion
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
jack dreams about earth before the war
the way he has seen it only in pictures
he sees a woman that smiles at him which
he has never met
he has strong feelings for her as if he
wasn't experiencing a dream but a memory
jack wakes up and is present in the year
five years since a mandatory memory wipe
though still haunted by the same dreams
him and victoria were assigned to earth
for a mission which will be complete in
two weeks and they could join the others
they are very different he is curious
when she isn't
the alien species the scavengers
decimated earth's moon half a century
ago and wanted to take over the planet
because theirs was dying
the earth was thrown into chaos without
the moon earthquakes and tsunamis had
completely destroyed it when the
invasion came
the remaining humans used nuclear
weapons and won the war but the planet
was left mostly uninhabitable
the survivors left and built the tet a
temporary space station before the
migration to one of saturn's moon's
titan
everyone had already been displaced
there while jack and victoria stayed on
earth to protect the hydro rigs which
convert water to energy
the survival of humanity depends on it
scavengers that are still on earth
continue to fight and disrupt their
operation attacking the drones in him
their mission control calls them an
effective team
victoria is his communication officer
and he is tech support for the drones
she is excited to go to titan but he
feels like earth is still his home
jack enters his vessel to go on his
daily patrol
he engages all the systems and checks
with victoria then lifts of
jack confirms the visual of the hydro
rigs
suddenly victoria informs him that they
have two drones down
mission comes online and victoria
establishes communication with tet
informing sally about the drones
she relays the information to jack and
links his vessel to its beacon
he follows it though a storm when
lightning strikes the vessel and he
loses control for a moment falling down
meanwhile victoria tries to convince
mission control that they need new parts
for a few drones that are down
she's given their directive for the day
is to fix drone 166 and find 170
jack spins out of control and is about
to pancake on the ground when he
suddenly gets control back and pulls up
he comes up to the location of the first
drone
before he lands victoria checks for
scavenger activity but she has limited
visibility
jack lands close to the drone grabs what
he'll need to fix it and tells victoria
to watch his back
as he's working on the drone and talking
to her on comms someone is watching him
she tells him that he can't fix the
drone but he uses his chewing gum and
manages to get it working
before the drone powers up victoria
notices something on her monitors
jack turns around only to find a dog
the drone comes online and jack scares
away the dog so it doesn't kill it
he gives the drone his id and it doesn't
engage with him
it scans the place where the people were
watching it from then blasts off jack
stops to eat lunch and talks to victoria
about the scavengers getting bolder
she says that once the two of them are
gone they'll only have dust and
radiation
he decides to look for the second drone
on the ground and takes out his bike
jack rides through the desolate
landscape where once there was water
he gets a faint signal from the drone
somewhere in front of him but he doesn't
see it
however he finds a sinkhole where he
thinks the drone might have fallen into
he informs victoria that he'll go inside
to find it and she says the tt will come
offline in 15 so he will be on his own
jack attaches a rope to his bike and
climbs down
the scavengers are still observing him
from the distance
victoria requests drone backup to his
location
jack carefully lowers himself down he
can hear the drone and finally see it
but control doesn't hear him anymore
when he tries to approach the drone he
almost falls over then uses a fallen
beam as a bridge to get to it
he reaches the signal and finds the
beacon but no drone
scavengers capture him and pull him in
but he manages to shoot their rope and
free himself
he sees a few and shoots at them when
they suddenly pull away the beam
he jumps over the gap as they are
getting closer on his trail
once he's safely on the other side he
locks himself to his rope and pulls
himself up but someone shoots and breaks
it so he plummets back into the sinkhole
it seems like all is lost as they close
in then suddenly a drone shows up and
begins scanning then blasting the place
up terminating the scavengers
drone 166 scans him again but it doesn't
recognize his id at once
jack finds a book on the ground and
takes it with him
once he reaches the top he sees that his
bike has been stolen by the scavengers
jack manages to get himself home
while he showers he has another memory
of new york
he's doing some repairs on a drone when
he decides to take a look at the book
victoria interrupts him she is preparing
lunch as the sun is going down behind
them
jack gives her the flowers he's been
lugging around and she goes outside and
throws it out telling him that it might
contain toxins
while they have dinner he tells her that
the scavengers weren't trying to kill
him but to catch him
victoria goes to their pool outside
takes off her clothes and jumps in
jack follows her there but doesn't come
inside immediately
he asks her to come down on the ground
with him someday before they leave
she pulls him inside the pool
they kiss and submerge when he has
another vision of the woman he's been
seeing in his dreams
jack wakes up in bed and sees a massive
explosion in the distance
he goes to explore what it was
one of the hydro rigs had exploded and
jack thinks that the scavengers had
weaponized one of the drones
he finds a rogue signal that's being
diverted off planet and instantly goes
to investigate
he finds its origin in the vicinity of
what was once the top of the empire
state building
jack goes in on foot and sees something
that was also in his dream
he can hear the beacon and he tries to
get to it seeing a few trinkets on the
ground
the beacon is using the building as an
antenna and victoria decrypts the
information
it's a set of coordinates that are in
the middle of nowhere
jack shuts it down
then continues his rounds coming
dangerously close to the radiation
border
before he heads home he does a perimeter
check and goes off calm
jack enters a beautiful ravine and lands
his vessel next to a house near a lake
he turns on the light and adds the few
trinkets he has found to the inventory
of the home
he puts on a nice led zeppelin record
and goes outside enjoying the place
thinking how much he would miss it when
they leave
he falls asleep on the grass and has
another dream about the woman on the
empire state building
jack sees an unknown object falling and
takes off immediately
victoria informs him where it came down
and it seems it landed on the beacon
coordinates
she tells him that mission is almost
offline and before that she informs them
of the situation
sally tells her that jack should stand
down because they have already sent
drones there
he defies the order and goes to inspect
the object nevertheless nevertheless
as he approaches he says that the object
looks human and pre-war
jack lands on site and finds hibernation
pods with human beings in them
he informs victoria that he has five
human survivors
the last pod he checks is the woman from
his dreams
suddenly the drones appear and begin
destroying the pods
jack orders them to stand down but 166
prepares to engage with him as well
it clears his id though it wants to
terminate the pod
jack protects it and shoots at the drone
disengaging it
the scavengers are observing him again
jack barely lads the vessel and comes
out dragging the pod with him
victoria opens the door for him and they
open the pod
she tells him to get the med kit
she says that they need to report it but
jack tells her about the drones
the woman suddenly wakes up vomiting
breathing fluid
she falls back in jack's arms and call
him by his name
later she's awake and asks where she is
victoria introduces them and the woman
says that she is julia
victoria tells her about the crash in
her crew but the woman seems confused
julia asks how long she had been asleep
and jack tells her it's been 60 years
the three of them eat lunch and jack
questions her about the beacon and her
mission
julia says that she needs to get the
flight recorder from the ship but
victoria tells her that the earth has
changed a lot in 60 years
they tell her about the alien invasion
and that everyone else is on saturn or
on the space station getting ready to go
julia sees them holding hands and laughs
victoria is very apprehensive of her
later jack and victoria talk about her
and she wants her gone
he asks her if she has any memories from
before the mission and if she remembers
her
victoria victoria gets angry and reminds
him that a scavenger beacon got her down
the scavengers have found the place
where they live
later julia is awake when jack joins her
he tells her that victoria will report
her presence there to the tt and they
will send someone down for her
julia says that she needs to get the
flight recorder from her ship
she says that they both need to know
what happened
they leave and victoria tells him that
she can't protect him
when they arrive at the crash site she
observes the through the vessel's camera
julia sees the pods and jack tells her
that he couldn't save them
victoria sees someone on the monitors
and tries to tell them but fails as
julia is looking for the recording
she finally finds it
suddenly scavengers appear and knock
jack over
he sends the vessel back and they knock
him out completely
the two of them are being taken
somewhere by the scavengers
the following day the vessel comes back
to victoria
mission comes online and she doesn't
tells her exactly what has happened just
that he wouldn't have calm so she asks
for a drone to scout the area where he
was last
jack wakes up with a light on his face
restrained
he hears a voice recite the lines from
the book he previously found
a man lights a cigar in the darkness and
tells him that he's been watching him
noticing how curious he is
jack says that they won't get anything
out of him because his memory has been
wiped
the man asks if he has ever really met a
scavenger before or been to the
radiation zone or asked too many
questions
the light come on to show an entire
building full of humans
jack is confused so the man beech
explains what they are just human
but that they have to hide themselves
from the drones because they are
programmed to kill the humans
he asks why he protected julia from a
drone and jack replies that anyone would
have done that
sykes walks up to them saying a drone
will track him
they remove his restraints and get him
up
meanwhile victoria is checking the
tracking data from the drone with
mission and sally confirms its jack
beach takes jack down to their ground
facility and tells him that they brought
julia's ship down for its reactor
he tells him that the reactor along with
the drone fuel cells they have scavenged
can make a nuke
one of the drones they have taken with
them can carry it but they can't access
it only jack can
simultaneously the drone is tracking his
dna to their hiding spot
beach needs jack to program the drone to
carry the nuke to the center of the tet
and end the war jack won't do it so
sykes shoots him
they bring in julia and threaten him
with her life
suddenly an alarm activates informing of
the incoming drone
it arrives at the hiding place and scans
it
the scavengers try to take it down but
it takes out a few of them until sykes
destroys it
victoria and mission confirmed that the
drone goes offline and victoria asks for
two additional ones
at the same time jack is telling beach
the same thing
the scavengers are ready to let them go
before they leave beach tells him that
he can find the truth in one of the
radiation zones
jack and julia reach the empire state
building he sends victoria a message
that he's alive and she informs mission
so that she can call off the other
drones
victoria sends the vessel to jack
while they wait for it jack asks julia
who she really is she explains that the
mission she was on was a research flight
to titan
but six weeks pre-launched their sensors
picked up an alien object and they were
reassigned to investigate
the alien object was the tet
she tells him that she's actually his
wife and that he isn't who he thinks he
is
julia tells him that he asked her to
marry her at the very place they are
standing
jack remembers parts of it but is still
a little confused
the vessel arrives and victoria sees
them embracing
they return to the home but victoria
won't let them get inside
jack tells her that they need to leave
and explains that julia is his wife
victoria informs tet about julia to
jack's protest
suddenly the door opens in one of the
drones they have at the home activates
jack tells her to come with him but she
doesn't want to go or believe anything
he tells her
the drone appears and kills her
it approaches jack ready to kill him too
but julia takes it out
jack finally talks to tet and it tells
him that it wants to bring him and julia
in to assign them a new mission they
leave the home and tet sends drones to
get them
they have a long and grueling chase
jack takes them inside the storm to get
them hit by lightning
it stops them for a moment but they
press on the vessel hides behind a
waterfall and the drones miss it
jack comes up behind them and destroys
two of them
the last one is resilient
it almost crashes their ship but jack
out maneuvers it and destroys it
unfortunately
166 follows them and pushes them right
into the radiation zone
it crashes into them and destroys the
ship so jack pulls the escape lever
they are stranded in the radiation zone
he hears a drone in the distance and
goes to see if it's online when he sees
another vessel like his own land next to
it
he can't see the man who gets out
through his scope so he decides to take
a closer look
the man he finds there is himself
the other jack tells him to drop his
weapon
he tells him that they have to shoot the
drone down when julia appears and the
other jack has the memory about her
the two jacks struggle first for the
guns then hand a hand until the first
jack 49 incapacitates 52
suddenly 166 comes online but jack 49
quickly takes out its fuel cell powering
it off
he calls for julia and realizes that
she's been shot
jack carries her to safety then
restrains 52 and takes his vessel flying
it to his home
once inside he notices that everything
is pretty much the same
he finds the med kit and grabs what he
needs
victoria 52 catches him but he succeeds
in convincing her that he's hurt her
jack
but he can't convince this one to join
him on the ground either
when he gets back he sees that 52 has
escaped
he treats julia's wounds gets her to the
vessel and takes her to his house by the
lake
when julia wakes up there fully healed
she takes a look around and plays jack's
favorite record
she joins him outside and he tells her
that he knows he's not the original but
that he has loved her for as long as he
could remember
julia tells him that eventually what
makes him him are his memories
the following morning jack knows what he
needs to do and gets ready for it
he has decided to help beech and julia
will come with him
they arrive at the hiding place in beech
is glad that they have decided to aid in
their plan
meanwhile tet goes over the footage from
the previous time that jack was there
and finds his data
it sends three drones after them
jack is programming the drone while
beach is telling them that he was there
when it all started from the destruction
of the moon to the eventual starvation
of the humans
lastly the tet invaded the planet with
troops that all looked like him
astronaut jack harper
their memories were wiped and they were
programmed to kill
beech says the tet is a brilliant
machine feeding on planets for their
energy
one day he noticed him picking up the
book and then saving her giving him the
idea that maybe he is different and that
he would be able to help if he found a
way to bring him back
jack activates the drone in beach says
that he would love to be on tet to see
its face when the nuke goes off
it would be a one-way trip but it would
be worth it
the scavengers prepared the drone for
its final mission and opened the gates
unfortunately the three drones are
already there
they come inside and wreak havoc on the
place
everyone fights them but the machines
are stronger and they take out many of
the humans
beach destroys one but not before it can
hurt him and destroy the drone with the
nuke
sykes destroys the second drone and jack
the third
when they realize that their plan has
failed julian make up another one
she says that since the tet asked him to
bring her up he could take her in a pod
and carry the nuke that way
the two of them say goodbye in front of
a painting that reminds her of home
then they prepare a pod with the
explosive device and jack lays julia
down in the pod
he tells her to dream of them and closes
the pod
he drags it to his vessel and sets a
course to tet
during the flight he plays the recording
from the ship and remembers everything
he was the commander of the ship and
sally was the actual nasa mission
control during that mission
victoria was his co-pilot
the rest of the crew including julia
were in hibernation
jack approaches t e t in the present and
he tells her that he's bringing it the
survivor
it grants him entry
back in his memory they approach tet but
when they realize that the object is
pulling them in jack decides to eject
the hibernation module him and victoria
get taken into tet
he enters it in the present as well
it sends drones on him but he convinces
it to let him get closer
on the way to tet's control he sees the
many clones of himself and victoria
tet welcomes him home as he lands next
to it
he takes out the pod and opens it
beach pops out
julia's pod opens as well but she wakes
in the house next to the lake
she didn't know he would take her there
simultaneously drones approach the
surviving humans
back in tet jack activates the nuke
together with beach and it is destroyed
all of its drones are destroyed as well
sykes and julia watch the explosion
three years later julia lives in the
house with her daughter
suddenly the rest of the survivors
appear at the lake
jack 52 arrives with them as well
jack has arrived home to his wife and
child
thank you for watching
subscribe for more